witness us this hey there folks we are
here today on SE Frontier going to be
watching the onus playing as the chaos
sorcerer facing off against robocap and
his elor
Alpha I find this a pretty interesting
match up because the lior alpha he's
very good in melee but he is quite
squishy so he's not like a hive tant
which is good for the sorcerer because
the sorcerers renowned for being pretty
bad at Focus firing those tanky melee
heroes in the early game because you
know you go for your double ticks as
usual to overwhelm infantry and get a
lot of map
control that means you don't get a lot
of ranged Firepower CSM don't have the
same output as tactical Space Marines
but they cost more than something like
shooter boyss or Guardians and then the
sorcerer himself doesn't have a huge
amount of damage and certainly has no
range but the elor alpha can exploit
that if he goes to things like feed
tendal he can become relatively tanky
you've got the toxic assists you've got
potentially lone hunter in tier 2 giving
him damage
resist and adding the fact that the lick
TR does a lot of damage Tyas do a lot of
damage but tyranus only AR have a lot of
gauns you get a mash up where things are
dying left right in center which is
basically what's happening already here
with the double Heretics doubling up on
the homon there they had a pretty good
fight and this is really good play it's
really strange I don't really understand
why it's the case but I tell you when
you double up the default Heretics they
just get exponentially better cuz
Heretics on their own get wrecked by
Hons but you've seen that right there
even with the CSM mod getting killed
quite early on by the flesh hook into
the homon jump at it nonetheless they
had enough pew pew to get rid of most of
this
Force perhaps the lior himself retreated
a little bit early but damn he's got a
lot of XP to start off with so that's
good for him he really loves XP does the
lior because it's not only the HP boost
and the the damage boost but it's also
the extra energy for his infiltration
and his flesh Y and actually he can get
quite a lot of abilities if you think
about
it position is spping away you got the
toxic cysts you've got the feromon
potentially you've got Scythe if he goes
for that weapon War gear there's there's
a lot of options in addition to the fles
hook and the infiltrate so
having the levels is
nice right
so pretty even on the Gen
situation not so even on the VP
situation and nice lead here from the
Hest are quite odd that robocar is
prioritizing the requisition here than
the VP I think the VP would be more
part not really seeing any important
Doom bols yet
you would think that that's going to be
huge in this matchup against Triple
homon you just Doom blast suppress them
and then you hit them with the the Doom
bolts needs another Doom blast here oh
what the heck no
leonus oh my God that was
terrible oh we really messed that one
up threw out the Doom bolts first for
some reason and then oh good save there
though Lor potentially could have killed
that chaos heretic saved by the
cacophony the noise brein yeah all they
had to do with the Doom bolts was Doom
blast first so the homon couldn't Dodge
it and then you would have got a perfect
Doom
bolt too much melean now with the
Warriors coming out remember that's giv
the synapse to the harmers which gives
them damage resistance so they're more
tanky and it's just too much for the
honest to deal with he's going to need
some more Heretics I think
maybe could go for Havoc but it's kind
of risky when this lior
off what the hell
we Triumph
today freaking dog wants a pair of socks
he's a sock Bandit I don't know why I
don't know where he's accumulated this
habit from but he just loves running off
with socks so I've had to just give them
to him but God knows the state that
they'll be in
later it's tough it's
tough but no Marin are going to be a
pretty good choice here against the hmas
the AOE Splash damage is going to do
huge chunks of damage to them and then
if you do get overwhelmed you can use
cacophony and as long as the Kos saucer
is not nearby when you're using the
cacophony you can use that under man
knockback to guarantee a good hit on
your doom balls so we've not really seen
leonus use that yet but that is the idea
like again why is he capping hurry up
oh my God a little bit late again but
that was
better if he was a little sooner he
probably would have hit these front two
hmas and that would have been GG for
that hmer
Squad he's very poor with his
combinations here Leona I must admit
he's not using his Doom BS too well
Warriors getting relatively low looks
like there's a coruscating flame on the
noise Marines but I do like this pickup
here the feeder tendal it's a pretty
perfect time really to get the
feeders o Leona
staying in melee for a quite some time
there now I'm getting spam called on my
phone Jesus
Christ yeah tried to stay in Miller with
the CSM for a while to try and pop a
warri brood model but it just didn't
happen
honestly dude it's it's so risky to try
and go for those those pickups on the
Warriors I I don't think it's worth it I
don't think you should try and get
that obviously in this case it's it's
gone pretty poorly for him cuz it's led
to losing the CSM
Squad we have the advantage I mean as
far as things are going right now leonus
is really far
behind terms of units I suppose in Eco
and VPS is all
right let's have a look shall we so yeah
he's going to go to tier two first but
rubber cap is literally he's right there
now yeah he's really not far behind the
tall but he's got two extra
squads both just have a weapon War gear
so leonis is behind quite a bit you
would expect now that he's going to
start bleeding loads of VPS let's see
how much you can btig get the lior off
is going to be a pain to deal with
though with this feedat tendal
healing cuz as you can see nois can't
really do a lot and because it's got
healing on every hit now he can duel the
flame sword sorcerer very easily cuz he
hits really fast as well if you just
stand and trade with him likewise
heresit can't really do anything so this
guy's pretty IM M right now it's it's
very good it's a brilliant Choice when
position point is slipping
away you should fear me
but saucer is pretty scary to deal
with again I feel like that Doom bolts
wasn't very good probably better to
Target the homers and not the Warriors
but lanus just seems to constantly be
fighting in a very staggered manner he
doesn't seem to have his units
together
Wars
odd okay this is interesting why is
robocap going for the Venom Broods
immediately I mean does he expect that
leonus is ahead and going to get maybe a
fast blood Crusher but yeah you're the
lior you can just call in venom brood
with your Global if it's that
I suppose he'd be concerned about a
vehicle Rush alongside noise Marines
potentially then bashing the farm very
fast but your nids you don't need that
much power in tier two and like I say
you're the lior so you can just call in
venom brood without waiting for the
build time using the global bar so I'm
not I don't like this play and it's
actually going to work out very poorly
for him because of the fact that there
are going to be blood leads first not
the vehicle now fortunately he can
upgrade them to death spitters but then
he actually opens himself up to a
vehicle afterwards like K dreadn Leonas
probably wants another Squad of blood
letters
though cuz he's just so low on Infantry
or maybe even just a default heretic
squad for capping and then he can use
this one that's near the level two and
has the AC in order
to help the blood Le is in
combat nice little execution of the leap
there with the
harmers got right onto the the noise
Marines okay chains the torment that's a
good play he's fighting a shitload of
melee so Venom should be redirecting
their fire to the chain but they're not
they're getting tied up now by the
sorcerer so yeah pretty good play
there but that is way too much meley for
the Heretics to deal with yeah they got
to get out of there and now they're in
the retreat path of the sorcerer oh God
this is not looking
good
yeah no flesh
needed toxic assist now in play just
going to make that lior even tank you in
any melee fight that he
takes 100 extra Max HP and a 150 HP
healed over 10 seconds when he emits
those toxic
cysts which against things like blood
letterers or the sorcerer is going to be
the main value of that world gear but
the actual damage will be good against
territ
[Music]
let's see some synaptic backlash surely
they're going to get
one did they get
one I feel like that didn't even do
backlash maybe it
did didn't seem to have much of an
impact guys go back and watch that did
that do backlash when the Venom brute
died cuz that is very weird if it
didn't I mean they're still giving them
basic synapse even if they're not giving
them range
synapse
[Music]
strange ready for Eternal
War Leon is still quite far behind in
terms of units and RoboCop's econom is
amazing right now he could literally go
tier three if he wanted yeah he's going
tier three I mean this could be the
opportunity here though for leonus to
make a comeback and I suppose it's going
to have to be
can use this robes at torment Well
Control The meley Blob when they're
blobbed up like this and then Tye the
Venoms
man our sorcerer leonus is so far behind
I just don't see how he does it maybe he
gets some really good wipes with dark
flames and stuff but Rober cap then is
tier three he can use without number the
tier three Global to drop down the fully
of great and that is not a good dark
Flames bloody hell leonus I get you
desperate to try and defend your F but
that was not going to work really mate
come on you just wasted your
red but yeah even if you lost some of
the homers tier three nids they can just
drop down another fully upgraded Squad
of HS and teras for cheap in tier three
with without number
so I don't get it also rocap has kept
these as Venom cannons and I don't
understand why he's fighting pure
infantry so yeah that's a questionable
just decisions
here I I know he obviously fears a
vehicle coming out he hasn't seen
anything built in a long time and the
prospect of a dreadnut is actually quite
real right now it could have been coming
if leonus wanted that but it's not but
still I don't really see the threet you
have your heavy melee adrenal glands you
have you could just like I said get
another one you're tier three anyway
robocap so just get a effects at this
point and be done with
it really dominating the map control
here as you'd expect cuz he's just got
so many more units plus this lior Alpha
is basically
unkillable second blood Letter is going
to be the choice to the honest let's see
I don't I mean I feel like the first
Blood ler hasn't even done that much
it's got a lot of
XP but the lack of units in particular
the lack of a cheap default heretic
Squad to just run around capping means
that these guys are spending a lot of
their time capping when you know these
are really the most valuable unit on the
roster for
leonus
are so there you go there's a worship so
you don't really want to fight this now
now that the lior's gone not sure you
want to fight this okay double hun
flanking from the side probably going to
have to disrupt them with cacophony but
these these noise Marines are very low
on HP
damn maybe shoot a doom bols over here
once they start engaging the noce
Marines as they Retreat I was trying to
run to the safety of the chains okay
with the Doom blast that actually worked
out pretty well cuz it sort of baited
these harmers into staying very
long and the other ones just legged it
no is going to rotate to The Bash but
I'm afraid this bash is way too
late we have can's already coming that
said you guys know all about that kind
ofix train right so that does require a
lot of power in tier three so I guess it
will suck the counter effect
train problem is the owners can't really
even deal with one counter effect right
now never mind a whole train of them
things oh he doesn't even get the full
bash he just gets
one yeah he can't hit this far this is
ridiculous ooh oh why is he g b
Strangler why
you can't even suppress the blood
letters and all these squads that
they're facing they're they're not that
high high range or high model so I don't
really see the point of that just go
farm back and beat them up in melee add
on the melee
pressure this is just vulnerable to
getting shredded by a a shitload of
blood
letters oh God forbid there is a COR
dreadnut in melee with it that will be
problematic but you know any dreadnut
really
even the default
dreadn will be decent thanks to it 20%
melee
resist and the T dread of course will
massively outshoot the canif effect I
yeah I find this a bit odd good thing is
he still has the Venom cannons I suppose
but I
don't I don't like this choice at all
the main threat right now is the blood
letters and this is not a good option
against the blood letterers there's only
four models on the blood letterers
they're light infantry so you don't get
the extra damage that you'd get against
the CSM or noise Marines from the plasma
cannon damage on the B Strangler and the
bath Strangler can't even suppress them
cuz these [__] don't get
suppressed so honestly I'm a little bit
confused about this Choice uh I mean I I
guess he's just thinking lots of
infantry get bab Strangler but I don't
think it's that
simplistic I really think the fback
would have been a much better choice and
we are actually going to be seeing a
mark of cor dread now yeah so if this
thing can get into mellow with a B
Strangler it's going to rip it to Pieces
let's check out the stats right nearly
as much HP but remember that it gets
huge damage resistance when it goes in
blood rage I forget how much is it 40%
50% it's a
lot and then the thing is that Stacks
with the fact that it's already got 40%
damage resistance from having full melee
resist this guy has no melee resist and
this guy will do more damage in
melee 100 DPS I think this guy does like
what 80 DPS or something
[Music]
it'll be a bad melee fight for
sure but chain of Torment putting in a
lot of work there is that a bit of
backlash yeah that was some backlash
that was good these guys are going to
need to W out though get some worship
going bit greedy to try and get the um
the cap with the noise Marines
there probably would have been better
sending them down the bottom and nothing
is tying up the Venom brood is the
problem these blood leers probably want
to phase out and go okay no Heretics and
sorcerer are on that they've dealt with
the harmers Lor Alpha overextending a
little bit uh robocap a little bit
desperate perhaps in this engagement
spotting Rippers and spawn mines but I'm
not really sure what the purpose of them
is rippers are good against any
important range threats but there aren't
any important range threats it's on
melee right
now a bit of a questionable blood lust
here oh God and he loses the sorcerer so
he can't even warp the condr away cuz
he's already lost the sorcerer yikes not
good
um yep that's a
problem by the time it was obvious that
the corid was going down the first thing
that you think is right where is my
sorcerer can I want my sorcerer to it oh
[__] he's getting attacked by the lior
okay can I just Retreat the sorcerer no
he was on about 10% HP so because
obviously that's what you try and do you
try and Retreat your sorceress store
where you dreadnut and then walk it out
using your global
but not possible in that instance so
pretty pretty bad planning honestly from
leonus all
around he's going for the Havoc now
obviously getting maazin getting a last
Cannon trying TI on the counter effect
with that
but man he is running super duper low on
VPS right now well under 100 and losing
more and
more both of the players did lose their
Heroes literally right next to another
okay leonis is sorry not leonis robocap
is now got his
back but honestly I'd be rather shocked
if leonus can pull this one
off the hero kill on the lior was a
pretty big deal
though draining a lot of the requisition
of robocar he could be getting that
carnifix train coming out
otherwise it was rather weird how the
lior just walked past the blood letters
to go for the nose rings there the blood
letters were far more of a pertinent
threat still bleeding VPS he's only got
40 left and there's over 300 for robo
cap so I again not sure how he's going
to do this to be honest
where's that coun effect all went back
to base to heal feel like it should done
that age to
go again noise R is going to be the
cappers they can use cacophony to knock
back the melee whilst they cap so that
is one of the big advantages of them
doing that
job uh
hello seems to be very late there in the
cacophony bud leers are idling they
finally get a coruscating flame where is
the Robes of Tom and chains of
tment I don't know n are going to get
wiped by the melee down here sorcerer
okay that's not a sorcerer that's just
blood that
is but a tyan formation dropped in the
head of these guys Jesus
Christ I mean the last Havoc still in
play what's it going to
do it's very micro intensive here for
the sorcerer because the infiltration
worship these guys will not
automatically shoot and they Des set up
and now the [__] AC ticks are
dead and the spawn mines on top of the
havocs
yeah pretty damn one-sided game to be
honest
um I don't know I'm not sure really why
that was sent in but okay yeah it see
was all right but it felt very one-sided
it felt like Leonas was behind for a lot
of
that I can't even
remember yeah I mean leonis just lost
too many things in tier one didn't he I
mean he lost a CSM Squad outright and he
lost a tick Squad early
on and then I think he might lost a
sorcerer as well and it just saw
snowboard out of there there was a gem
bash on the hus and as soon as I seen
that Robocat was going tier three even
with this Choice which I think was a
pretty big mistake
he was he was just in such a dominant
position and really theonas quite
fumbled that engagement with the K dread
and the strangle thwn he really needed
to not blood rage he needed to keep that
K Dre alive he needed that badly I think
some more cheap Heretics for leonus
would have been really
helpful seeing the blood letters
spending a lot of time capping when
there was really fighting to be done and
the blood letters were by far the
strongest unit that Leonas had it felt
not bad a 200 requisition heretic Squad
literally the cheapest Squad in the
entire game that would have just been
perfect for that capping job but there
you go nice to see a full melee build
and cool to see some L off and not seen
him in a while hope you enjoyed that one
folks that's going to be all for you Bo
to this is time I am signing out
[Music]
a